PLAYER: I hear the door open. As I look up to see who my first customer would be, I’m surprised by the person entering the Café.
(Show_ALYIA)
(EMO_ALYIA_Disgust)
PLAYER: It was a young girl, probably in her teen years, not looking very pleased. 
PLAYER: I get intrigued. 
PLAYER: But then again, she was only a customer, I shouldn’t be nosy over her life.
???: “I’d like a burger, please. And make it quick, I have a train to catch.”
PLAYER: I face her feeling quite confused. 
PLAYER: “A burger? … I’m sorry for the confusion, you might have not seen the sign in front of the door. This is a café, a new one at that. We don’t serve burgers.”
PLAYER: “I mean we could eventually, it’s food for thought but… This is our opening day. We still only have some selective roster of drinks to serve.”
PLAYER: I let a slightly nervous chuckle, trying to seem the nicest I could be. 
PLAYER: The girl seems taken aback. Embarrassed, almost. Like she had just run into a random building and was just looking forward to satiating her hunger and nothing more.
PLAYER: How much is a person’s mind racing that they don’t even see where they’re going?
???: “Oh… ahm… I hadn’t noticed”.
PLAYER: She looks around, probably too embarrassed to look me in the eye as she replies.
PLAYER: “Would you mind if I asked what your name is?”
PLAYER: I look at her trying to pass some sense of security.
ALYIA: “It’s Alyia.”
PLAYER: I give her a slight smile, glad she felt comfortable enough with me to tell me.
PLAYER: “Well, Alyia, I am not in the best position to give you a burger, but I can give you something to drink.”
PLAYER: “It’s still cold outside from the early morning air, and you feel like needing something to warm you up.”
PLAYER: Alyia ponders for a bit, wondering if she’d order something.
ALYIA: “Just something sweet, and warm.”
PLAYER: I nod to her. Something sweet, warm, and she’s a teenager, I shouldn’t give her something with caffeine on it. 
PLAYER: I think I can pull something off.
(DRINK_ALYIA_1)
PLAYER: I hand her drink, watching her take a sip.
PLAYER: Alyia smiles, seemingly quite comforted by her drink.
ALYIA: “Thanks… This is actually quite nice.”
(EMO_ALYIA_Happy)
PLAYER: I wonder how to approach her. I was feeling quite curious about her whole demeanor and wanted to figure out what was going on.
1)“So… you wanted a burger huh?”(-)
2)“You seemed troubled when you entered…”(*)
3)“You’re quite the early riser…”(+)
1)
Player: “From how eager you were, you probably haven’t had one in ages!” 
Player: I say, trying to lighten up the mood the best I can.
ALYIA: “Oh ahm… I guess.”
PLAYER: She seems rather uncomfortable now, maybe she really hasn’t eaten one in a while. And I don’t know why.
ALYIA: “It’s just I rarely eat one, was really craving one...”
PLAYER: “So… you left your house early just to eat a burger?”
PLAYER: I ask, still quite confused as to why someone would take that course of action.
2)
PLAYER: “Were you thinking about school work or something like that?”
PLAYER: I ask her, wanting to understand why she seemed so upset.
ALYIA: “Well not quite.”
PLAYER: She smiles faintly, as if she’s remembering the reason behind her troubles.
3)
PLAYER: “I mean I have to wake up early to open up the café, but honestly I’d be still sleeping if I had the chance.”
PLAYER: “You’re so productive for your age, I could never!”
PLAYER: I mention, with a smile, since she had been walking around this early morning.
PLAYER: Alyia lets out a laugh, and my smile widens as it felt like I had lightened the mood.
ALYIA: “Well not quite. Honestly, on regular days I’d still be sleeping at this hour, but today I just couldn’t.”
PLAYER: Her tone softens.
PLAYER: “Did you have some kind of insomnia then?”
PLAYER: She shakes her head negatively.
(BACK TO REGULAR DIALOGUE.)
ALYIA: “I just… had this fight with my parents…”
PLAYER: I start listening to her attentively. Usually teenagers fight with their parents, but when they feel like they need to leave their house, it’s something more serious.
PLAYER: “A fight, huh? What about, if you don’t mind me asking?”
ALYIA: “Just some stupid stuff…”
PLAYER: She looks around, trying to detach herself from whatever happened.
PLAYER: “We’ll see about that… Lay it on me, at least you’ll take it out of your chest.”
PLAYER: She takes her time figuring out the right words to say.
ALYIA: “Like my mom is quite insecure about her appearance. She’s a really pretty woman, but she is so hard on herself.”
ALYIA: “Ever since I was a kid I could see it.”
PLAYER: I nod as I’m listening to her, trying to make her feel heard.
ALYIA: “The problem starts when she tries to project that onto me.”
PLAYER: I hear the café door open, and a man comes in, probably to grab a coffee before going back to work.
ALYIA: “Like, I never had problems with myself, I mean, I never thought I was the prettiest girl alive.”
ALYIA: “But I never thought there was something wrong with me either...”
ALYIA: “As I turned twelve though, and got a bit chubby, my mom started to be really mean to me, for no reason.”
PLAYER: “Because you were chubby?”
ALYIA: “Yeah, I wasn’t even fat! I was on a normal weight for my height, just slightly chubby on some parts of my body. To her though, it was as if I was a ball of fat rolling down the streets.”
PLAYER: It wasn’t necessary for me to be looking at her, to know that she was rolling her eyes.
1)“She was probably just worried about you…”(-)
2)“That must have felt bad…”(+)
3)“Well, you knew she was wrong, it’s just easier to ignore…”(*)
1)
PLAYER: Mothers aren’t always perfect, and maybe she was in her own way trying to look out for you.
ALYIA: “She wasn’t! She never did!
PLAYER: Her tone becomes more defensive. Maybe I jumped to some conclusions…
2)
PLAYER: I mean your mother having her insecurities or not, she shouldn’t be making you feel the same way.
PLAYER: Alyia nods, as if processing things. 
ALYIA: “It really did, even if both my parents tried to tell me I was over-reacting, because all they were doing was care for me…”
3)
PLAYER: I mean as you said, it’s her insecurities, just turn a blind eye to it.
ALYIA: “You can’t ignore something you live with… Not how that works.”
PLAYER: She had a point. Snarky comments from friends is something you can ignore. Your own mother isn’t.
(BACK TO REGULAR DIALOGUE.)
PLAYER: Alyia pauses for a moment before speaking again.
ALYIA: I just couldn’t take it anymore.
(EMO_ALYIA_Vulnerable)
PLAYER: In a bit, my mind connects the situation.
PLAYER: “So you ran away from home.”
PLAYER: Alyia looks up to me, realizing I’d figured it out.
ALYIA: “Yeah… It was that feeling of I can’t stay here any longer, it’s not good for me.”
1)“Really? Like, how bad was it?”(+)
2)“So you just ran away?”(-)
3)“Where are you planning on going then?”(*)
1)
PLAYER: “If you don’t mind me asking of course.”
ALYIA: “Like really bad…”
2)
PLAYER: “I mean I don’t know how bad it is, living like that could be annoying, but I can’t see how leaving would be a good idea.”
PLAYER: “You have to be stronger.”
ALYIA: “How can you be strong? It’s easier said then done…”
3)
PLAYER: “They’ll come looking for you anytime now, I don’t know if you have this really thought through.”
ALYIA: “I can’t afford going back there.”
(BACK TO REGULAR DIALOGUE.)
ALYIA: “I really don’t know how to eat normally. I feel guilty every time I do it, anxious even.”
ALYIA: “Her voice is in my head every time I take a bite.”
ALYIA: “Everything you eat statys in your body!”
PLAYER: She imitates her mom’s tone. Superficially it was almost like an advice, but with an undertone of passive-agressiveness.
ALYIA: “Boys don’t like chubby girls…”
ALYIA: “You’re so brave for eating that whole plate, that would keep me full ‘till dinner…”
PLAYER: She pauses for a moment.
ALYIA: “And the worst are not the comments. It’s the body language.”
ALYIA: “It’s her disapproving looks, her sighs, her rolling her eyes…”
ALYIA: “It’s me feeling like my worth is measured by how little I eat. Just because she has an issue doesn’t mean she can throw it onto me and call it love.”
PLAYER: I can see her tear up. I offer her a tissue, which she uses to clean her tears.
PLAYER: “I’m sorry to hear that… That must be a really stressful situation.”
ALYIA: “And my dad… he doesn’t even care.”
1)“I’m sure he is worried about both of you.”(-)
2)“Why do you feel that way?”(+)
3)“Doesn’t even care? Doesn’t sound very nice of him…”(*)
1)
PLAYER: “He probably just doesn’t know how to act properly.”
ALYIA: “That is just not true… That’s the thing.”
PLAYER: She looks to me unpleasantly, as if I’d told the biggest lie ever.
2)
PLAYER: “As your dad is seeing things from an outside perspective, he should be seeing the same things as you…”
ALYIA : “Unfortunately, that’s just not happening…”
PLAYER: She takes a deep breath.
3)
PLAYER: “I mean how could he not?”
ALYIA: ”Well, curious isn’t it?”
PLAYER: She chuckles.
(BACK TO REGULAR DIALOGUE.)
ALYIA: “I used to think my dad was unaware of this all. That he got used to it, or just thought it was normal to act like this.”
ALYIA: “But he was the one making my mom feel like this.”
PLAYER: She confesses, looking down, as if she’s embarrassed.
PLAYER: “Really? How so?”
PLAYER: I ask, curious as how that would be.
ALYIA: “I found some old photos on the attic, of my parents when they were younger.”
ALYIA: “My mom had the same body type as me, but throughout her relationship with me dad she began losing weight.”
PLAYER: She could be right, but other reasons for that could be involved, her mom insecurities, or even external factors.
PLAYER: “Have you seen your dad make some kind of comments? Like how does he act when your mom gets insecure?”
PLAYER: Alyia thinks for a little bit.
ALYIA: “He’s just silent. Like he agrees with is, I mean if he doesn’t say nothing against it, he must be in favor of it.”
1)“He maybe just gave up.”(*)
2)“Things aren’t so black and white Alyia…”(-)
3)“There might be more to it than that.”(+)
(BACK TO REGULAR DIALOGUE.)
PLAYER: “As you think it’s hard to deal with it, maybe he knows your mom needs professional help at this point.”
PLAYER: “And depending on how bad things with your mom and her own self-esteem and insecurities…”
PLAYER: “There isn’t much your dad could be doing besides giving her advice. You mom needs to want to be helped before anything else happens.”
PLAYER: Alyia thinks for a bit on what I said, as if it’s something she hasn’t considered.
PLAYER: She’s still young, learning that everything in life is much more complex than it seems at first glance.
ALYIA: “I hadn’t thought about this before. Not this way at least. Thought I was fighting a lonely battle.”
(EMO_ALYIA_Happy)
PLAYER: “Might want to give that a second thought then.”
PLAYER: I smile.
PLAYER: “I can’t stop you from running away from home. But please reconsider it…”
PLAYER: I sense that Alyia is reconsidering. Her life at home is not easy, no 15 year old should be dealing with her own’s mom trauma.
PLAYER: Let alone have it thrown at her face.
PLAYER: It’s generational trauma at its finest. Her mom just needs help so she and everyone else can lead a healthier life.
PLAYER: After a few minutes of comfortable silence, on which I just take care of the café as she reflects on what to do, I hear her getting up from her stool.
PLAYER: “Hey!”
PLAYER: She turns around, looking at me.
PLAYER: I write my number on a piece of paper and hand it to her.
PLAYER: “Text me how it works out for you, anything you decide to do.”
PLAYER: I give her a comforting smile, and she grabs the piece of paper.
ALYIA: “Could you give me something to drink, to go I mean?”
PLAYER: “Of course, what would you like?”
ALYIA: ”No caffeine please, and just something fun, like unusual I guess?”
ALYIA: “Thanks for the talk, I feel like my head is clearer.”
PLAYER: “No problem, I hope you see you come back to the café, to order actual coffee next time.”
PLAYER: She nods, waving goodbye as she leaves. 
(EMO_ALYIA_None)
(Hide_ALYIA)
PLAYER: Now I just wait, hoping for the best.
(ENDDay_1)