PLAYER: I enter the café preparing myself for yet another day at work.
PLAYER: As I prepare myself for another shift, I begin thinking about all the interactions that had happened the day before.
PLAYER: *Would they return?* I think to myself.
PLAYER: Eventually the bell rings, and I allow my face to present a small smile as I see Amara enter.
(Show_AMARA)
PLAYER: “Good morning, I’m glad to see you returned.”
PLAYER: Amara lets out a slight smile, slightly embarrassed, probably from the position she is coming back to.
PLAYER: “How are you doing?”
PLAYER: I say as I start to prepare ingredients for a drink she might order.
AMARA: “Fine, I guess.”
PLAYER: She calmly responds.
PLAYER: “I am assuming that you will want to discuss what we previously started to chat about yesterday.”
PLAYER: Amara nods slightly, as if she had prepared herself for that same conversation.
PLAYER: “Good. Then would you like a drink to go with the conversation?”
PLAYER: She nods, her expression telling me that a drink would go really well with her mood that day.
PLAYER: “What would you like then?”
PLAYER: She ponders for a little bit.
AMARA: “You can hand me a calming drink, the coziest ever, I need to relax before such a conversation.”
(DRINK_AMARA_2)
PLAYER: She smiles at me, and I give the smile back to her as I start to prepare her drink.
PLAYER: After the drink is ready, I hand it to her.
PLAYER: As I am starting to prepare myself, wondering on how to approach the subject that had brought us together to discuss, I hear the door open.
(Show_RONNIE)
PLAYER: Ronnie enters, almost slamming the door in the process. She doesn’t look very happy.
PLAYER: As I look at Amara, she doesn’t seem to be very excited to have Ronnie’s presence in the café again. I mean, it made sense.
PLAYER: We were about to talk about her past, and Ronnie probably triggered her the day before, so it’s only natural to be uncomfortable.
PLAYER: But something tells me something is more urgent with Ronnie today, and even if Amara’s expression doesn’t seem really pleased, I know she agrees with me.
PLAYER: I give Amara an apologetic smile. She gives me an understanding look as I watch Ronnie come our way.
PLAYER: “Good morning Ronnie, what are you feeling like having today?”
RONNIE: “Please don’t talk to me right now.”
PLAYER: She is struggling to look at me, as if she had been crying and is finding it hard to make other people see it.
PLAYER: “Are you okay? You don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to.”
RONNIE: “Just hand me something strong, the most intense flavor you can think of.”
(DRINK_RONNIE_2)
PLAYER: “Here you go.”
RONNIE: “Anyways…”
PLAYER: After some time, Ronnie takes notice of Amara’s presence.
RONNIE: “Well great. I’m sure you’re enjoying it a lot, seeing me like this.”
PLAYER: Amara looks rather offended by Ronnie’s comment.
AMARA: “I’m not, jeez. I might have unresolved stuff with you but it doesn’t make me not have empathy for people.”
PLAYER: Amara rolls her eyes, as Ronnie takes another sip of her drink.
1) “Feels like someone is trying really hard to annoy you, huh?” (+)
2) “Why are you crying? Do you need something?” (-)
3) “I’m here if you need anything, take your time.” (*)
1)
PLAYER: Ronnie can’t avoid but laugh at my comment.
RONNIE: “Oh you have no idea.”
PLAYER: “Well that’s up to you honestly.”
2)
PLAYER: Ronnie faces me with a not so pleased expression.
RONNIE: “I don’t recall telling you I needed anything.”
PLAYER: I take a step back, not wanting to pressure her into saying anything she didn’t feel comfortable with.
3)
PLAYER: I know Ronnie heard me, but she decides to take a sip of her drink instead.
(BACK TO REGULAR DIALOGUE.)
RONNIE: “It’s just… Some family members are really pissing me off with things and I needed a drink to cool off.”
PLAYER: “Makes sense. Sometimes a drink is all someone needs to cool off.”
PLAYER: I see the door open once more, smiling slightly as a way to greet Jasper, who’s entering with his attire, computer and all.
(Show_JASPER)
PLAYER: “Good morning Jasper!”
PLAYER: He waves slightly at me.
PLAYER: After giving a few steps in my direction, probably to order, he takes notice at Ronnie’s distressed figure in a corner.
PLAYER: He looks at me asking if he should probably about the situation, but I just shake my head, as I know it’s best for Ronnie to be left alone for a while.
PLAYER: “Are you ready to order or do you need some time to think first?”
JASPER: “No, I thought beforehand.”
PLAYER: He smiles, almost proud of himself. I wasn’t going to try and take that feeling away from him.
JASPER: “Can I please have something smoky, but put something in it to make it less strong and less coffee tasting.”
(DRINK_JASPER_2)
PLAYER: I hand him his drink.
PLAYER: I scooch over to Ronnie that is deep thinking about her issues. I want to help her but I’m still trying to figure out how to best approach her.
PLAYER: “So, you said it was a family matter, huh?”
PLAYER: I ask her, seeing her focus shift to me, looking a bit defensive.
RONNIE: “Yeah…”
PLAYER: She sighs, still reflecting on the subject.
1) “Your family doesn’t seem like the best one…” (-)
2) “Seems like they are giving you a hard time…” (+)
3) “Family can be a hard subject indeed.” (*)
1)
PLAYER: Ronnie looks at me like I’ve committed a crime.
RONNIE: “Don’t trash talk my family… You don’t know them.”
PLAYER: I regret saying such words immediately.
PLAYER: “Sorry, it really wasn’t my place.”
2)
RONNIE: “Tell me about it.”
PLAYER: Ronnie rolls her eyes.
PLAYER: “I am not asking for you to tell me about what happened specifically but… You can talk about it if you want to.”
3)
RONNIE: “Every family has their own problems, it’s not something that’s exclusive to mine…”
PLAYER: “Yeah I know, but you can tell me about yours, doesn’t have to be something related to the issue, just something you feel like sharing that might help you.”
(BACK TO REGULAR DIALOGUE.)
RONNIE: “My family is amazing to be honest… My dad is a successful business man and my mom a famous attorney.”
RONNIE: “And all my brothers are in the medical, business, and administration field. They are like, my role models.”
PLAYER: “You’re the youngest out of all of them?”
PLAYER: Ronnie nods, almost feeling nostalgic about her childhood or some early memories  that are going through her mind.
RONNIE: “I’m the girl too. So you know, need to prove myself sometimes.”
PLAYER: She chuckles, but I have the underlying feeling that there’s more to that feeling that she is currently portraying.
JASPER: “I have always wanted siblings…”
PLAYER: I hear Jasper butting in the conversation. I get quite surprised to see him taking the initiative to start some sort of socialization.
PLAYER: But I decide not to comment on it. Instead, I try to see where this conversation would lead to. 
RONNIE: “You’re an only child?”
JASPER: “Yeah, I asked my parents for siblings ever since I realized what it actually learned the meaning of that word.”
PLAYER: “I’m assuming they wouldn’t give in on that.”
PLAYER: I chuckle, trying to lighten the mood between them, and glad that Ronnie was starting to calm down.        
RONNIE: “Well, I have three older brothers. I always looked up to them as I grew up, they were like me heroes in a way.”
AMARA: “Why were you so stressed walking in then? They can’t be all that if they’re causing you to feel that way.“
PLAYER: While Jasper’s interjection was more welcomed by Ronnie, Amara’s had the opposite effect.
RONNIE: “And why are you saying anything about this?”
AMARA: “Because you’re talking out loud so we can hear. So at least, we’re going to comment on it.”
PLAYER: Ronnie remains with her mouth shut. She couldn’t really clap back, it was a public space and everyone had freedom of speech.
AMARA: “Still, my question remains, why are you stressed then, if everyone in that family is perfect.”
PLAYER: Ronnie takes her time answering back.
RONNIE: “They are pressuring me into taking this internship at my dad’s company that I don’t wanna do.”
JASPER: “Is there any specific reason for you to not wanna do it?”
PLAYER: Jasper inquired, feeling quite invested in the conversation.
RONNIE: “I don’t really know… I mean it’s a great opportunity and all that, but it just doesn’t peak my interest…”
1) “But it could probably be used for your work experience, that’s useful…” (-)
2) “It’s not your dream job I bet.” (+)
3) “You still have the choice to not do it if you don’t want to.”(*)
1)
RONNIE: “Yeah but how is that useful if I’ll be miserable doing it?”
PLAYER: “Oh…”
PLAYER: “Yeah, that makes sense, I won’t talk more.”
2)
PLAYER: She gives me a faint smile, confirming it.
3)
RONNIE: “I mean that’s debatable.”
AMARA: “Debatable?”
(BACK TO REGULAR DIALOGUE.)
RONNIE: “In this case, it’s something that I have really no interest in doing with my life. I want to pursue something different from what my family does.”
JASPER: “What are you into?”
RONNIE: “I really would like to be in the fashion business.”
PLAYER: Amara seems more interested in the conversation than she probably would like to admit that she is.
JASPER: “Then why don’t you just go for it?”
PLAYER: The question Jasper asks makes the mood shift again.
RONNIE: “It’s like…”
PLAYER: Ronnie pauses for a moment.
RONNIE: “No job is better than another job, don’t get me wrong, but reputation wise I’d be seen like the misplaced one in my family.”
PLAYER: “And why don’t you talk to your family about what you want to do with you life.”
PLAYER: Ronnie shakes her head rapidly, like that wasn’t even a matter.
RONNIE: “NO WAY. I mean, I love my family but we don’t really… Talk. You know?”
JASPER: “So what do you expect to do? Just go with the flow? That doesn’t seem to be the most life-fulfilling thing to do.”
AMARA: “Yeah, I mean, it’s not like they’ll work for you. You’ll be the one stuck on a job that you despise, not them.”
RONNIE: “I know that! I just can’t bring myself to actually come up with that conversation myself… I’ll seem like the weak one, that can’t carry the family name.”
PLAYER: “So you’re basically struggling to be open and honest with your family, and it’s not that they are annoying, rather the position you’re in.”
PLAYER: Ronnie nods. It seems that we have figured out the situation.
AMARA: “What do you think it’s stopping you?”
PLAYER: It feels like, for now, Amara and Ronnie have set their differences aside to be actually able to sort this out.
RONNIE: “Lack of habit? I don’t know, we just never had these kinds of problems. I could just do whatever I was told and didn’t mind.”
1) “That doesn’t seem really healthy…” (-)
2) “And now you mind…” (*)
3) “It’s not too late to change that.” (+)
1)
PLAYER: Ronnie looks at me unfazed.
RONNIE: “Oh really? I hadn’t noticed.”
PLAYER: I can feel Ronnie’s irony pierce through my ears.
2)
PLAYER: Ronnie looks at like I had just said the most obvious thing ever. And she wasn’t really wrong.
3)
RONNIE: “That’s what I’m thinking right now, if I’m actually able to pull that off. I mean, it will be weird, not only for me, but for them too.”
PLAYER: “I can see how that could feel awkward at first, but it will be more natural as you go on with the conversation.”
(BACK TO REGULAR DIALOGUE.)
RONNIE: “Nonetheless, what if they make fun of me?”
JASPER: “Who? Your family?”
AMARA: “That doesn’t make much sense.”
PLAYER: “Well let’s hold on, I want to see why she’d think something like this.”
PLAYER: However, Ronnie is too lost in thought to actually say something.
PLAYER: And then, just like that, as I look at Ronnie I can understand where this comes from. This wasn’t some problem, recurrent event or anything of the sort.
PLAYER: She was simply insecure. As any human being would be. But in her case that wasn’t normal.
PLAYER: Coming from a family that really didn’t encourage talking about feelings would lead to anyone feeling hesitant on doing so.
PLAYER: Even more when everyone followed the pattern of the blueprint her parents set for her and her brothers.
PLAYER: To question all that would be absolutely terrifying.
PLAYER: I need to give her some really good advice…
1) “You’re strong from all that your family gave you. Use that in your favor.” (-)
2) ”If you want to do it, but you’re scared. Do it scared.” (+)
3) “You already have the no, you can only go uphill from where you are.” (*)
(BACK TO REGULAR DIALOGUE.)
PLAYER: Ronnie looks at me as if deep thinking about what I told her.
PLAYER: Jasper and Amara are also taken aback from my words, processing them as well in their own way.
PLAYER: After some time Ronnie gets up, getting her things.
RONNIE: “I think what to do now guys. Thanks.”
PLAYER: Ronnie looks at Amara for a few moments 
RONNIE: “I’m sorry for being rude yesterday. You wanted resolution and I just backed out on you, and that wasn’t fair of me to do.”
PLAYER: Amara gives a slight smile, genuinely thankful for the kind words Ronnie said to her.
RONNIE: “I’ll go home to talk this out.”
PLAYER: With that, she says her goodbyes and leaves the café.
(Hide_RONNIE)
JASPER: “I hope that all goes well… She deserves it, without all the additional pressure of course.”
PLAYER: Jasper chuckles lightly as Amara gives an agreeing head nod.
AMARA: “I think this was too much for the day already, so I’ll get back and talk to you about my stuff another time.”
PLAYER: Amara directs those words to me, and I smile back at her.
PLAYER: “No problem, I’ll be here when the time comes.”
PLAYER: After a few minutes of small-talk, Jasper and Amara go on with their own days, leaving me hopeful and excited, wishing that everything goes well with Ronnie.
(Hide_AMARA)
(Hide_JASPER)
(ENDDay_3)