PLAYER: I enter the café preparing myself for yet another day at work.
PLAYER: As I prepare myself for another shift, I begin thinking about all the interactions that had happened the day before.
PLAYER: *Would they return?* I think to myself.
PLAYER: Eventually the bell rings, and I allow my face to present a small smile as I see Amara enter.
(Show_AMARA)
PLAYER: “Good morning, I’m glad to see you returned.”
PLAYER: Amara lets out a slight smile, slightly embarrassed, probably from the position she is coming back to.
PLAYER: “How are you doing?”
PLAYER: I say as I start to prepare ingredients for a drink she might order.
AMARA: “Fine, I guess.”
PLAYER: She calmly responds.
PLAYER: “I am assuming that you will want to discuss what we previously started to chat about yesterday.”
PLAYER: Amara nods slightly, as if she had prepared herself for that same conversation.
PLAYER: “Good. Then would you like a drink to go with the conversation?”
PLAYER: She nods, her expression telling me that a drink would go really well with her mood that day.
PLAYER: “What would you like then?”
PLAYER: She ponders for a little bit.
AMARA: “You can hand me a calming drink, the coziest ever, I need to relax before such a conversation.”
(DRINK_AMARA_2)
PLAYER: She smiles at me, and I give the smile back to her as I start to prepare her drink.
PLAYER: After the drink is ready, I hand it to her.
PLAYER: As I am starting to prepare myself, wondering on how to approach the subject that had brought us together to discuss, I hear the door open.
PLAYER: Jasper enters the café looking rather busy.
(Show_JASPER)
PLAYER: He sits down in the same table as the day before. Amara also looks at where I’m facing and recognizes Jasper.
AMARA: “That’s the boy that defended me yesterday, right?”
PLAYER: “Yeah it is, would you like to go there and talk to him?”
AMARA: “Yeah, I think I’ll go talk to him about it. I know I was wrongs in some parts but I know he tried his best to defuse the situation.”
PLAYER: I smile recognising her words, agreeing with them.
PLAYER: “Bring him here instead then, please. I want to know what he’ll order too.”
PLAYER: Amara nods, calling Jasper over to the front counter where we were.
AMARA: “Jasper! Hey!”
PLAYER: Jasper looks at us rather confused by the sudden mention of his name.
AMARA: “Come here, I want to talk to you.”
PLAYER: Jasper freezes for a few seconds, before grabbing his stuff and making his way over to me and Amara.
PLAYER: “Good morning Jasper!”
PLAYER: He waves slightly at me.
PLAYER: “Are you ready to order or do you need some time to think first?”
JASPER: “No, I thought beforehand.”
PLAYER: He smiles, almost proud of himself. I wasn’t going to try and take that feeling away from him.
JASPER: “Can I please have something smoky, but put something in it to make it less strong and less coffee tasting.”
(DRINK_JASPER_2)
PLAYER: I hand him his drink.
AMARA: “So, Jasper I need to talk to you. It’s nothing serious so you don’t need to worry or anything.”
PLAYER: Jasper seems to relax. Maybe he was nervous before his encounter with Amara, I mean, she was rather rude the very day before.
Jasper: “Oh okay, what is it then?”
PLAYER: Jasper takes a sip of his drink.
AMARA: “Just wanted to say thank you because of yesterday. I know I didn’t act the best I could but you tried your best to calm both of us down.”
AMARA: “And I really appreciate it, it’s not everyone who would help out on a situation like that.”
PLAYER: It feels like there is more to dig there, but for now I won’t say anything for now, I’ll let her open up in due time.
PLAYER: Meanwhile, Jasper looks rather perplexed, like he wasn’t expecting that coming at all.
PLAYER: Amara seems to take notice of that too, but decides not to comment on it either.
PLAYER: Maybe actually this would be the time to actually try and talk to Amara, that being the subject that brought her to the Café.
PLAYER: As I am starting to prepare myself, wondering on how to approach the subject that had brought us together to discuss, I hear the door open.
PLAYER: Ronnie enters, almost slamming the door in the process. She doesn’t look very happy.
PLAYER: As I look at Amara, she doesn’t seem to be very excited to have Ronnie’s presence in the café again. I mean, it made sense.
PLAYER: We were about to talk about her past, and Ronnie probably triggered her the day before, so it’s only natural to be uncomfortable.
PLAYER: But something tells me something is more urgent with Ronnie today, and even if Amara’s expression doesn’t seem really pleased, I know she agrees with me.
PLAYER: I give Amara an apologetic smile. She gives me an understanding look as I watch Ronnie come our way.
(Show_RONNIE)
PLAYER: “Good morning Ronnie, what are you feeling like having today?”
RONNIE: “Please don’t talk to me right now.”
PLAYER: She is struggling to look at me, as if she had been in a fight, a verbal one, of course, and is finding it hard to make other people not see it.
PLAYER: “Are you okay? You don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to.”
RONNIE: “Just hand me something strong, the most intense flavor you can think of.”
(DRINK_RONNIE_2)
PLAYER: “Here you go.”
RONNIE: “Anyways…”
RONNIE: “Please go on with your day, I need some time to think about some stuff.”
PLAYER: I nod, not planning on disturbing her more than necessary.
PLAYER: As I turn to face Amara and Jasper, I can see Jasper excitedly talk about my café, complimenting it a lot, which makes me smile in appreciation.
JASPER: “It’s really decorated and it’s fun to be here. Like the mood makes me almost more loose from myself.”
AMARA: ”Okay chill.”
PLAYER: Jasper seems taken aback by Amara’s remark but returns to being calm after she chuckles, probably finding him rather funny.
AMARA: “You’re talking like you’ll get drunk or something, but yeah, I get what you mean.”
PLAYER: Jasper chuckles too, clearly the interaction they are having with each other.
JASPER: “I’m sorry if I’m being too much though, I just thought I could talk freely with you.”
PLAYER: Amara is surprised by his sentence, as am I, it was some insecurity surfacing behind the smile and light manner of his way of speaking.
1) “And where did this come from? It’s okay Jasper.” (-)
2) “You can talk freely, nobody said otherwise.” (*)
3) “You’re not being too much, you’re just talking to us.” (+)
1)
PLAYER: Jasper is taken aback, but with a few moments he can understand what I meant.
2)
PLAYER: Jasper nods, but takes some time to talk again.
3)
PLAYER: Jasper nods, as if he got reminded of something that was obvious.
JASPER: “I guess it’s true.”
(BACK TO REGULAR DIALOGUE.)
JASPER: “It’s just some people would tell me the opposite.”
AMARA: ”Why? Only now you became more interesting as you started to get excited over something.”
AMARA: “Go on, talk about the Café, we’re all listening.”
PLAYER: As Amara says that, she makes a head movement indicating someone else was listening to the conversation.
PLAYER: As I turn around I see that Ronnie was also listening to the conversation.
RONNIE: “Sorry, I just found his remark weird as well, just trying to to figure that out as well, but I can leave if you wan-”
AMARA: “Calm down nobody told you to do that.”
PLAYER: Amara interrupts Ronnie, leaving her a bit speechless.
AMARA: “Just pull a chair and join the conversation, don’t be standing over there like a weirdo.”
RONNIE: “Ugh…”
PLAYER: Ronnie rolls her eyes but complies with Amara’s slightly rudely-toned suggestion.
RONNIE: “Now, back to you Jasper, who’s been telling you that you’re not allowed to speak your mind as you want to?”
PLAYER: Jasper stays silent for a while.
JASPER: “Just some guys at college, they basically make it really hard to express myself.”
AMARA: “Express yourself? How so?”
PLAYER: I am quite confused by his statement too. Jasper barely expresses himself as it is, it’s almost like him acting as open as he is right now is a big exception.
PLAYER: How can he express himself less as he already does?
JASPER: “Like they don’t say anything bad per se. Just ignore it when I talk, give me bad looks when I try to get some attention. It must be me overthinking it though.”
RONNIE: “And why don’t you tell those same guys to piss off?”
PLAYER: Amara chuckles with Ronnie’s remark.
PLAYER: “I mean I wouldn’t rule that off but I believe there could be better ways to go about it.”
PLAYER: I say with a slight smile on my face.
JASPER: “But they are not being directly rude with me or anything, I just sometimes feel like I am bothering them as I talk.”
JASPER: “It’s more my problem than theirs. And it’s not like I speak really loud or anything, it’s hard to hear me.”
1) “I can hear you just fine if I’m paying attention.” (+)
2) “You could try to sound more assertive, you know?” (-)
3) “Well it’s your way of talking, what else can you do?” (*)
1)
PLAYER: “So that’s no excuse for them to ignore you if that’s what they’re doing.”
JASPER: “I guess you’re right…”
PLAYER: Jasper seems reflective of his peers’ behavior.
2)
JASPER: “I tried that, it’s not enough.”
PLAYER: Jasper seems really sad about that.
3)
JASPER: “Well I did try to change it, but it’s just not me you know?”
(BACK TO REGULAR DIALOGUE.)
JASPER: “I’ve always been more quiet than the average person, it’s not something I like but that just happens to be my tone of voice.”
PLAYER: I nod in understanding.
JASPER: “When I was a kid I was made fun of for that, but with time my parents were able to make me aware that I could not control that.”
JASPER: “And because I can’t control some features of mine, I shouldn’t feel shame for those traits.”
RONNIE: “Well, at least someone has receptive parents.”
PLAYER: Ronnie’s remark seems really specific, but I don’t feel like right now is the right time to address that.
AMARA: “So basically your whole thing is that you’re made fun of things you can’t control and got all insecure about it?”
PLAYER:
1) “I’m sure there’s more to it…” (+)
2) “I see your point, but I’m struggling to understand what we should to as well.” (*)
3) “It doesn’t seem like much when you put it that way.” (-)
1)
PLAYER: Jasper smiles softly, but seems troubled by Amara’s remark.
2)
PLAYER: Jasper rolls his eyes with our remarks.
3)
PLAYER: Jasper seems upset by our remarks.
(BACK TO REGULAR DIALOGUE.)
PLAYER: It’s like he is having trouble formulating his thoughts himself, like he has so much bottled up and the previous remarks, made by both me and Amara were triggering.
RONNIE: “Okay guys let’s calm down now, if you put it that way Amara you’re diminishing his feelings.”
PLAYER: Amara doesn’t seem pleased to be talked that way.
AMARA: “But please are you hearing him??? I mean that sucks but that sounds like nothing, at least compared to what I went through, and you’re not seeing me complaining.”
RONNIE: “That was such a disgusting thing you said just there.”
PLAYER: “Okay guys, maybe let’s settle this for now-”
AMARA: “Like you know what I’ve been through! Like sorry to Jasper, but he’s insecure of how he expresses himself, if he talks loud enough, or too much or too little.”
AMARA: “When there are so many bigger things a person could be worried about!”
AMARA: “And the way he’s complaining about it makes him sound like he is just wanting attention! Which is fine, but damn, just ask for it.”
AMARA: “Don’t go around dropping sad little comments about your insecurities like you’re some sad puppy.”
RONNIE: “And who are YOU to decide what he is doing wrong or not?”
PLAYER: Ronnie seems furious after everything that came out of Amara’s mouth.
RONNIE: “I don’t know what you’ve been through but I do know you’ve grown bitter and are taking it out on other people.”
RONNIE: “You did that yesterday to me and are doing it today to Jasper and I just won’t stand by it!”
RONNIE: “We don’t know the full story yet and you’re already ranting about it!”
PLAYER: I can hear Amara’s laugh.
AMARA: “What more could there even be!-”
JASPER: “GUYS STOP!”
PLAYER: Everyone freezes, we weren’t even aware that Jasper could speak that high.
JASPER: “You don’t know how hard it is to me to even express myself when i’ve spent all my life being invalidated and diminished.”
JASPER: “Because yes, I know it seems silly but once every word that comes out of your mouth becomes background noise you grow insecurities.”
JASPER: “Make it last a long time and those insecurities grow, make them grow big enough and then you’re questioning your whole self-worth all together.”
PLAYER: Jasper pauses, but none of us have the guts to even let a word escape our mouths right now.
JASPER: “So yes maybe it was my self expression only that was mocked. But it was my voice, tone, volume, register and words.”
JASPER: “And it gets to a point that everyone seems to believe that I am the one being dramatic so I start to think that too!”
PLAYER: I can see that Amara is regretting every word she said right now without the need to look at her.
1) “That must be a really hard thing to experience.” (-)
2) “You have every right to be upset…” (*)
3) “These issues always come with more to them than it originally seems.” (+)
1)
JASPER: “Well duh, of course it is!”
PLAYER: That was kind of the obvious statement right there…
2)
JASPER: “Of course I do, and when I’m opening up about it the last thing I need is to be invalidated again!”
PLAYER: I understandingly nod.
3)
JASPER: “It just takes me more time than regular people to gather my thoughts.”
(BACK TO REGULAR DIALOGUE.)
AMARA: “I’m sorry, Jasper, I really am. After what I’ve been through myself I should have been the first to understand your point of view.”
JASPER: “It’s okay Amara, I know you mean well, just don’t assume quickly. Ignorance over malice…”
RONNIE: “I’m sorry too, I should have let you speak up for yourself.”
JASPER: “Now, I’m working on myself. I know those comments aren’t ideal, but I’m still healing. I need time.”
JASPER: “Even if I have trouble with how I speak, I have a worse time with how my view of myself has turned out to be because of this.”
JASPER: “I told our barista here that I am really into café’s, and I really want to have my own. I just struggle to realize if I can manage it, given my difficulties with communication.”
1) “You have your head in the right space. Go for it.” (+)
2) “You yourself know better than anyone else that you are able to do it.” (-)
3) “You can always take your time. When you’re ready, that dream is waiting for you.” (*)
(BACK TO REGULAR DIALOGUE.)
PLAYER: Jasper takes his time taking in what I said, as the girls are agreeing with me and giving him support as well.
PLAYER: “In any case, I’m always here to teach you the basics that I’ve only now I’ve started to grasp.”
PLAYER: “But the most important part of this… I’m now realizing it’s being able to deal with customers… and you did that not once, but twice with these two.”
PLAYER: Amara and Ronnie look around rather shy.
PLAYER: “I know you can do it Jasper.”
PLAYER: Jasper looks around seemingly rather confident.
JASPER: “Thanks, I’ll give that a thought as I go on with my day. Thanks for the conversation guys.”
(Hide_JASPER)
PLAYER: Jasper says his goodbyes and leaves the Café.
PLAYER: Ronnie looks at Amara for a few moments 
RONNIE: “I’m sorry for being rude yesterday. You wanted resolution and I just backed out on you, and that wasn’t fair of me to do.”
PLAYER: Amara gives a slight smile, genuinely thankful for the kind words Ronnie said to her.
AMARA: “It’s okay. I could see you meant well with Jasper today.”
PLAYER: After some time Ronnie gets up, getting her things.
RONNIE: “I’ll go then. Thanks for the distraction guys, see you around.”
PLAYER: She waves goodbye and only then I’m reminded of her state when she entered the Café today.
(Hide_RONNIE)
PLAYER: I’ll leave that conversation for another day.
AMARA: “I think this was too much for the day already, so I’ll get back and talk to you about my stuff another time.”
PLAYER: Amara directs those words to me, and I smile back at her.
PLAYER: “No problem, I’ll be here when the time comes.”
PLAYER: After a few minutes of small-talk, Amara goes on with her own day, leaving me hopeful and excited, wishing that everything goes well with Jasper. 
(Hide_AMARA)
(ENDDay_3)