PLAYER: I enter the café preparing myself for yet another day at work.
PLAYER: As I prepare myself for another shift, I begin thinking about all the interactions that had happened the day before.
PLAYER: *Would they return?* I think to myself.
PLAYER: Eventually the bell rings, and I allow my face to present a small smile as I see Amara enter.
(Show_AMARA)
PLAYER: “Good morning, I’m glad to see you returned.”
PLAYER: Amara lets out a slight smile, slightly embarrassed, probably from the position she is coming back to.
PLAYER: “How are you doing?”
PLAYER: I say as I start to prepare ingredients for a drink she might order.
AMARA: “Fine, I guess.”
PLAYER: She calmly responds.
PLAYER: “I am assuming that you will want to discuss what we previously started to chat about yesterday.”
PLAYER: Amara nods slightly, as if she had prepared herself for that same conversation.
PLAYER: “Good. Then would you like a drink to go with the conversation?”
PLAYER: She nods, her expression telling me that a drink would go really well with her mood that day.
PLAYER: “What would you like then?”
PLAYER: She ponders for a little bit.
AMARA: “You can hand me a calming drink, the coziest ever, I need to relax before such a conversation.”
PLAYER: She smiles at me, and I give the smile back to her as I start to prepare her drink.
(DRINK_AMARA_2)
PLAYER: After the drink is ready, I hand it to her.
PLAYER: As I am starting to prepare myself, wondering on how to approach the subject that had brought us together to discuss, I hear the door open.
PLAYER: I find it funny to see both Ronnie and Jasper walking in together, but my amusement disappears when I see Ronnie’s expression, it seemed like she was struggling with something.
(Show_JASPER)
(Show_RONNIE)
PLAYER: Amara takes notice of their presence but rather ignores it. It seems like she doesn’t want to interact with Ronnie at the moment.
PLAYER: “One second Amara, I’ll take their others…”
PLAYER: I scooch over to them two, waiting to take their orders.
PLAYER: “Good morning Jasper!”
PLAYER: He waves slightly at me.
PLAYER: “Are you ready to order or do you need some time to think first?”
JASPER: “No, I thought beforehand.”
PLAYER: He smiles, almost proud of himself. I wasn’t going to try and take that feeling away from him.
JASPER: “Can I please have something smoky, but put something in it to make it less strong and less coffee tasting.”
(DRINK_JASPER_2)
PLAYER: I then turn to Ronnie.
PLAYER: “Good morning Ronnie, what are you feeling like having today?”
RONNIE: “Please don’t talk to me right now.”
PLAYER: She is struggling to look at me, as if she had been in a fight, a verbal one, of course, and is finding it hard to make other people not see it.
PLAYER: “Are you okay? You don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to.”
RONNIE: “Just hand me something strong, the most intense flavor you can think of.”
(DRINK_RONNIE_2)
PLAYER: “Here you go.”
PLAYER: I hand them their drinks.
PLAYER: Jasper signals me to get closer to him.
JASPER: “I apologize on her behalf because of her attitude. She is having some family issues that I’m helping her go through right now.”
PLAYER: I nod understandingly.
PLAYER: “That’s okay, I’ll go back to talking to Amara. Come say hi to her when you can, I’m sure she’d like to thank you for yesterday.”
PLAYER: Jasper nods with a slight smile, and turns again to Ronnie to resume the conversation they were previously having.
PLAYER: As I return to Amara she seems curious about those two.
1) (Say nothing) (+)
2) “They’re just solving something between themselves.” (*)
3) “Ronnie is feeling rather upset today. She’ll be fine as Jasper’s with her.” (-)
2)
PLAYER: Amara shrugs as if she really didn’t care about what was going on.
3)
AMARA: “And why would I care about her right now?”
PLAYER: Her tone feels more defensive than aggressive.
(BACK TO REGULAR DIALOGUE.)
PLAYER: “Well, where were we?”
PLAYER: I bring back the focus of the conversation to ourselves.
PLAYER: “How would you like to start? As in, where do you feel comfortable doing so?”
PLAYER: Amara thinks for a bit.
PLAYER: “We don’t need to go too much back if you don’t want to, let’s just go to yesterday maybe.“
AMARA. “Yesterday?”
PLAYER: She’s being rather defensive again, and I decide to try to calm her down as best as I can.
PLAYER: “Yeah… Please bare in your mind I’m not attacking you or judging you. Just trying to see where you’re coming from here.”
AMARA: “What specifically did you want to talk about yesterday, then?”
PLAYER: She asks me more calmly.
PLAYER: “I know you already have taken accountability, but I can see that today you’re still not okay with talking to Ronnie.”
AMARA: “Well that’s obvious. I mean I went out of my way to actually solve something for someone I owe nothing to.”
AMARA: “Just to be completely ignored and shut down after.”
PLAYER: “I know that can be frustrating. But you’ve seen her today right? It doesn’t feel like everything is going her way either right?”
AMARA: “Well duh, but you don’t see me acting the way she did…”
PLAYER: I just stare at her, waiting for her to come to the conclusion herself.
AMARA: “Okay… Maybe I did do that.”
PLAYER: “You’re more alike than you realize yourselves… you just both have your own things.”
PLAYER: “Which brings me to my point. I’d like for you two to talk.”
PLAYER: Amara seems to be conflicted.
AMARA: “I mean, weren’t we going to be talking about my past first?”
PLAYER: “We can do it as we go. I think Ronnie would also benefit from understanding you better.”
PLAYER: “Because you can see she also has quite the strong personality. And a simple sorry won’t do unless she sees another side of you.”
PLAYER: Amara sighs.
AMARA: “Damn, why am I still choosing to be a decent person?”
PLAYER: I chuckle lightly with her remark.
1) “You think you can call Ronnie then?” (*)
2) “Should we call Ronnie then?” (+)
3) “Whenever you’re ready go ahead and call her then.” (-)
1)
PLAYER: She looks at me from the side.
AMARA: “I mean I think I can.”
2)
AMARA: “You’re lucky you’re doing this with me, otherwise I wouldn’t be calling anyone, anytime soon.”
PLAYER: I laugh at her snarky comment.
3)
AMARA: “I mean I will, but you don’t need to to act so nonchalant.”
(BACK TO REGULAR DIALOGUE.)
PLAYER: Amara turns to Ronnie.
AMARA: “Excuse me, Ronnie, can we come over? I need to talk to you…”
PLAYER: Ronnie, that was mid-conversation with Jasper, ponders for a moment if she should join Amara.
PLAYER: I can see Jasper giving her a comforting smile, which gives her the courage to come talk to us.
RONNIE: “Only if Jasper comes along.”
PLAYER: Amara seems fine by him, which makes sense, he even kind of defended her the day before.
AMARA: “Yeah he can come along. I was hoping to talk to him today anyway.”
PLAYER: Jasper seems surprised by Amara’s comment, but there’s an underline of excitement in his eyes. 
AMARA: “We need to sort things out.”
RONNIE: “I told you yesterday we were fine, you don’t need to apologize, I don’t really feel comfortable having these kinds of conversations.”
RONNIE: “You were rude, you clearly regret it, I know you do so let’s just let it go, we’re fine.”
AMARA: “You can be fine but I am not.”
PLAYER: Amara pauses for a moment.
AMARA: “You don’t have to say anything, just hear me out okay?”
RONNIE: “Fine, go on.”
PLAYER: Ronnie crosses her arms, probably not feeling confident or comfortable enough to stay in a casual pose.
AMARA: “I came in too strong yesterday, I was rude to our barista here, which I’ve apologized to him for.”
PLAYER: I smile slightly at them, basically confirming what she was saying.
AMARA: “But I never properly apologize to you, which now I’m taking the time to exactly do.”
AMARA: “You were only trying to help the situation, I was too proud to admit I was having a hard time choosing and I was bluntly rude for no reason.”
PLAYER: Ronnie seems more attentive now, as Amara really showed sincerity in her words.
RONNIE: “I apologize too. I mean, I meant well but calling you the b-word was just not okay.”
RONNIE: “I could’ve also handled things better, and escalating them wasn’t the answer. It could’ve gone extremely worse if the circumstances were other.”
JASPER: “See??? That wasn’t so hard, wasn’t it?”
PLAYER: He chuckles as the two girls look at him rather confused, but then join the laughter as well, the mood clearly lightening up.
PLAYER: “Still Amara… I need to ask.”
1) “What made you feel the need to be so blunt, Amara?” (+)
2) “What was going on that led to that reaction?” (*)
3) “What prompted the ‘blunt mode,’ Amara?” (-)
(BACK TO REGULAR DIALOGUE.)
PLAYER: Amara seems to close off for a moment, but decides to answer regardless.
AMARA: “You know, I’ve always struggled to fit in. No matter how hard I tried, I always felt like an outsider.”
PLAYER: I lean in, curious about what she’s sharing.
AMARA: “Growing up in a wealthy family, people assumed I had it easy. But I was bullied a lot, especially because of my dark skin and curls.”
RONNIE: “Okay, first of all, you’re rich?”
PLAYER: Ronnie seems shocked, which makes me chuckle.
AMARA: “Yeah, surprise! But money didn’t protect me from the kids who thought they were better than me.”
RONNIE: “That’s always unfair… I can’t believe you had to deal with that in this day and age.”
AMARA: “It was tough. I remember trying to change my hair or my style just to fit in. I thought maybe if I looked like them, they’d leave me alone.”
PLAYER: “Did it ever work?”
PLAYER: I ask, even though I already knew the answer.
AMARA: “Not really. They’d find something else to mock. It felt like no matter what I did, I was just a target.”
RONNIE: “That sounds exhausting.”
AMARA: “It was. I learned to put up walls. I thought if I acted tough and didn’t let anyone in, I wouldn’t get hurt anymore.”
RONNIE: “I mean I see you, I just didn’t want to assume that the reason you acted so bitter was because of that.”
AMARA: “Unfortunately, it was.”
PLAYER: We all take a moment reflecting on how, even if we are in this modern era, people still seem to believe that people with different skin tones are different for some reason.
AMARA: “I had to fake it, honestly. I thought if I followed every trend and dressed like everyone else, maybe they’d leave me alone.””
AMARA: “But no, it just made things worse. I felt like I was trying to erase parts of myself, and it never got me accepted. Instead, I became a target.”
RONNIE: “That’s awful… I’m so sorry you went through that.”
AMARA: “It was painful. Over time, I buried those feelings, but it made me bitter.”
PLAYER: She lets out a laugh, as we three knew really well what she meant by that.
AMARA: “I thought if I acted tough and rude, people would respect me instead of mocking me.”
AMARA: “I pushed people away first, thinking it would shield me from more hurt. But it only made me feel more alone.”
1) “That sounds really tough. You’re strong for sharing.” (+)
2) “You’re not alone. We’re here for you.” (*)
3) “They are the ones missing out, you know your truth.” (-)
1)
PLAYER: Surprisingly, Amara chuckles. 
AMARA: “Honestly what am I doing? Over-sharing with a bunch of strangers over here!”
PLAYER: “Hey! That’s the charm of Cloud Café! You get rain but also light fluffy clouds!”
RONNIE: “That’s the cringiest thing I’ve heard from you, did not expect that at all.”
PLAYER: Jasper laughs in the background.
2)
AMARA: “That’s kind of weird because I don’t know you guys that well.”
AMARA: “I was the only one who really shared, but I guess you have time to do it yourselves.”
JASPER: “We’ll all have time for that.”
3)
AMARA: “Yeah I don’t care if they’re missing out or not, I have bigger stuff to worry about.”
JASPER: “That’s also true.”
(BACK TO REGULAR DIALOGUE.)
PLAYER: “Do you think you can start being more open and kinder with people? Maybe give them a chance before building walls?”
AMARA: “Honestly, I want to. But it’s not that simple. Years of hurt don’t just disappear overnight.”
RONNIE: “That makes sense. It takes time to change habits.”
AMARA: “And part of me wonders if it’s even worth it. As a Black woman, I’ll always face challenges and racism. It’s not like society is going to change for me.”
PLAYER: “That’s a fair point. It can feel overwhelming.”
AMARA: “Exactly. Some days, I just feel tired of trying to connect when I know there will always be those barriers.”
RONNIE: “It’s exhausting to navigate that. But maybe it starts with small steps?”
AMARA: “Maybe. But I can’t help but think—what’s the point if I’ll still face judgment? Sometimes it feels safer to just keep my distance.”
PLAYER: “I get that. But building connections can also bring support and strength.”
AMARA: “True, but it’s a constant battle between wanting to open up and protecting myself from more hurt.”
PLAYER: Amara pauses for a little bit.
AMARA: “Honestly, I’m just tired of it all. Tired of the judgments, the constant need to prove myself. It wears you down after a while.”
RONNIE: “I can only imagine how exhausting that must be.”
AMARA: “Some days, I just want to retreat and not deal with any of it. It’s easier to stay closed off than to keep facing that reality.”
PLAYER: “That’s completely understandable. It’s a lot to carry.”
AMARA: “It really is. I want to be open and kind, but I also want to protect myself from the hurt that comes with being vulnerable. It’s just so draining.”
PLAYER: I can see it in her eyes, how tough she has had it over the years.
JASPER: “You don’t have to rush it, Amara. It’s okay to take a step back when you need to.”
AMARA: “Thanks, I appreciate that. I guess I just need to find a way to balance it all without feeling so worn out.”
1) “I get it. We all feel tired sometimes. Let’s just focus on hanging out for now.” (*)
2) “Take your time, Amara. You have your people right here.” (+)
3) “Even if society doesn’t change, don’t forget you’re stronger than all of this.” (-)
(BACK TO REGULAR DIALOGUE.)
PLAYER: Amara takes her time reflecting on what we’ve been talking about. It’s only up to her to decide what would be the best course of action for her for now.
PLAYER: Ronnie looks at Amara for a few moments.
RONNIE: “I’m once again sorry for being rude yesterday. You wanted resolution and I just backed out on you, and that wasn’t fair of me to do.”
PLAYER: Amara gives a slight smile, genuinely thankful for the kind words Ronnie said to her.
AMARA: “It’s okay. I could see you meant well today, we can burn that bridge.”
PLAYER: After some time Ronnie gets up, getting her things.
RONNIE: “I’ll go then. Thanks for the distraction guys, see you around.”
PLAYER: She waves goodbye and only then I’m reminded of her state when she entered the Café today.
(Hide_RONNIE)
PLAYER: I’ll leave that conversation for another day.
JASPER: “Well, I’ll get going too, want to do some more café research around the neighborhood.”
PLAYER: Amara gets up too excited to join him.
AMARA: “Ooooh take me too!”
(Hide_JASPER)
(Hide_AMARA)
PLAYER: Jasper gladly takes her with him, and I begin to go on with my day Amara returns just to say some final words.
(Show_AMARA)
AMARA: “Thanks once again, I’ll give this some serious thought.”
PLAYER: I smile as I see her once again leave the Café, just hoping everything goes well for her.
(Hide_AMARA)
(ENDDay_3)